Installing
----------

Please place the JDBC_FDW folder in the /contrib directory before running make install.

The steps for installing jdbc_fdw are:

1)Ensure that JDK is correctly installed and its path is exported correctly.
2)Run make install(You may have to change to root before running it).
3)Ensure that make install completes correctly(without warnings or errors).

Usage
-----

The following parameters can be set on a JDBC foreign server:

drivername:	The name of the JDBC driver e.g.(org.postgresql.Driver).
		Note that drivername has to be specified for jdbc_fdw
		to work i.e. it is compulsory.

url:	        The JDBC URL that shall be used to connect to the foreign database.
	        Note that URL has to be specified for jdbc_fdw
		to work i.e. it is compulsory.

The following parameter can be set on a JDBC foreign table:

query:		An SQL query to define the data set on the JDBC server.

table:		The name of a table (quoted and qualified as required)
		on the foreign database table.

The following parameter can be set on a user mapping for a JDBC
foreign server:

username:	The username to use when connecting to foreign database.
		Default <none>

password:	The password to authenticate to the foreign database with.
		Default: <none>

Example
-------

-- Install the extension
CREATE EXTENSION jdbc_fdw;

-- Create the foreign server, a pointer to the JDBC server.
CREATE SERVER jdbc_serv3 
    FOREIGN DATA WRAPPER jdbc_fdw 
    OPTIONS(drivername 'org.postgresql.Driver',url 'jdbc:postgresql:gitc');

-- Create one or more foreign tables on the JDBC server.
CREATE FOREIGN TABLE test12(a text,b text,c text) 
    SERVER jdbc_serv3 
    OPTIONS(query 'SELECT * FROM test11');

-- Create a user mapping to tell the FDW the username/password to 
-- use to connect to foreign database. This could be done on a per-
-- role basis.
CREATE USER MAPPING FOR gitc
    SERVER jdbc_serv3
    OPTIONS(username 'gitc',password '');

Features
--------

1)jdbc_fdw can connect and fetch data to PostgreSQL from any data source that supports JDBC.
2)Basic query cancellation is supported.

--
Atri Sharma
atri.jiit@gmail.com





